I've been using Kanai for everything.
Kanai.
Kanai-kun.
Let me try that one again.
Tachihanabishi.
Ta-chi-ba-na-bi-shi.
That's right, yes.
Hiyodorigoe no Sakaotoshi.
That's right.
Kubi Shichi Renbo.
It's here.
Here.
Ah, can I hear that one again?
Kubi Shichi Renbo.
The body part, 'kubi,' and then...
'...biki.'
Seven?
The 'hi' from ha-hi-fu-he-ho.
Then the 'ki' from ka-ki-ku-ke-ko.
Kubihiki?
It's 'kubiki.'
Kubihiki!
We've had that wrong this whole time.
Ah, thanks.
Alright then.
Okay. Just to be safe, are we good on all
of them?
Okay, we can do it. I think we can.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Alright, I'm just gonna trust it now.
Trust it.
Let's go.
Used it.
Okay, here goes the forty-eight positions.
Okay.
Chidori no Kyoku.
Tachishio.
Tachimatsuba.
Miyama.
Tachihanabishi.
Hiyodorigoe no Sakaotoshi.
Gobanzeme.
Kubihiki Renbo.
Oh!
Shibori Fuyo.
Shigarami.
Shakuhachi.
Hongomakake.
Huh?
Kiku Ichimonji.
Matsuba Kuzushi.
Tsubame-gaeshi.
Aaaah!
Uwaaah!
Aah!
See? It was here.
The forty-eight positions.
He's starting to lose it.
Are there still more mistakes?
There are more?
Where is it wrong?
The bald guy's the first one to crack.
Yep, the bald guy cracks first.
Cracks.
Yep, the bald guy's the first to lose it.
This human experiment proved it.
The bald guy's the first to crack.
This is brutal.
That's why Tsuruhashi's...
The expectation, I guess.
Yeah, exactly, I get it.
You had that hope, and now it's completely
gone. It's just despair now.
And now I can't think of anything at all.
Not even what I want. I know.
All I can think about is how to survive.
I lost the will to get out for a second.
So what do we do now? At this point, we
should probably choose survival.
Blankets.
We need blankets.
At least something for the cold.
We'll die otherwise.
Yeah. Food and water.
We seriously haven't eaten anything.
We haven't had anything to drink either.
I'm seriously starving. I mean...
Just thinking about it scares me.
Haa...
Ah...
No way.
Sorry, Kanai-kun.
But I need to check one more time.
No way.
Yeah, yeah, okay.
It's Kubihiki Renbo, right?
Kubihiki Renbo.
Ku-bi-ki... re-n-bo.
Ha, hi...
Okay.
Then ka, ki.
Then ra-ri-ru-re...
Uwaaah.
Okay.
N.
Bo.
Okay, ba-bi-bu-be-bo.
Goshoguruma and Ushiro Yagura are right
too, right? Window Moon, Iwashimizu...
Yabusame, Kotatsu-gakure, Takarabune.
Uwaaah!
Damn it!
I seriously can't tell which one it is.
We've got it right, don't we?
Hey!
Aaaah!
Uwaaah!
See? See? See?
He's cracking, he's cracking.
Aaaah!
Do it again!
Bald-guy meltdown.
Is it proportional to how much we've
covered? Come on!
Just let me go home, at least.
Why would we let only you go home? No way.
Just do whatever you want.
I can get out, seriously.
No, you're the one person who can't get
out. How many times do I have to say it? Seriously, cut it out already.
Why are you so damn big?
You're really pissing me off.
That's awful.
You stepped on me.
Let's stop, let's stop. Stop fighting,
this is exhausting. It wastes stamina. I can't do this.
You're the one who started it.
How about this?
Hosted by Kosaka Daimaou,
and it's Dekami-chan.
If it's Dekami-chan, we're good.
Yeah, probably.
Yeah.
NACK5.
NACK5, right.
NACK5's in there. Um...
Wait a second.
There's something there.
I thought there had to be something there.
That's amazing.
A rice cooker.
An electric fan.
What are we supposed to do with this?
What else is there?
The hint has to be in there, right?
In that pile of trash?
Yeah.
Wait, I'm thirsty, so maybe...
OK Google.
I want some water.
Whoa.
Okay, got it.
Huh?
Huh? What?
Whoa!
Wait a second!
No way.
There's no way to drink this. Drink,
drink, drink. Wait, wait, wait.
Cold.
This is the worst.
What is this?
See? You can drink it.
Ah, you can drink it.
OK Google.
OK Google, stop.
Turn off the water!
It stopped.
Man, it's cold.
Right.
There was no way we could drink that.
Also...
Dirt's getting in too.
Oh, right.
Cold.
OK Google.
You're not getting splashed, are you? You
okay? Sorry.
I couldn't understand that.
Then I guess we're fine.
Why, though?
Man, Tetsu and Tomo is rough in a survival
situation. Why is that?
We don't have the energy for that.
Why is that?
We're already losing it.
So many 'why is thats.'
Why doesn't kelp
release broth in the ocean?
Why is that?
They said,
'The cashier is this way,' and...
came over.
Or maybe, just maybe, just maybe...
maybe they just want to eat these
mushrooms. That's way too dark.
It didn't even make sense after a full
lap. Was the song always like this?
Was the song always like this?
We've really hit the limit.
Maybe so.
Aah!
Scary.
This is bad, this is bad.
This isn't a situation you can laugh at.
It's here!
You're already laughing.
Drift ice!
The drift ice is here!
The drift ice is here?
With the forty-eight positions.
The forty-eight positions.
Then let's ask Kanai one more time.
Ask who?
I'm seriously scared now.
Kanai-kun.
We don't have a choice anymore, Kanai-kun.
Hold on a second.
You've got a champion right there, don't
you? Huh?
Makio-san. Yeah, but just getting to the
point of looking this up is already a huge pain.
But Kanai-kun's voice probably isn't a
good match for this. Hello?
Ah, Makio-san.
Yeah, yeah.
Do you have a minute right now? Well,
maybe a little... I'm at a live show.
This could go either way.
He's at a live show.
Do you know the forty-eight positions? The
Thai forty-eight positions? Uh-huh.
Not Wikipedia, but...
Yeah.
the original source. Could you look up the
original forty-eight positions online?
And all we have to do is say the names,
right? Exactly, exactly, exactly.
You know, the one with things like Chidori
no Kyoku. Stuff like Chidori no Kyoku... Gachi Kanae and Tachi Matsuba and all that.
Apparently it has those.
That kind of stuff is in there.
The original forty-eight positions.
Got it.
Okay, okay, okay.
We don't know it in the first place.
We can definitely do this, definitely.
Definitely, definitely.
Alright.
This is Furusaka Daimaou.
Good evening, I'm Dekami-chan.
It's Wednesday at 8 p.m. Tonight's message
theme has nothing to do with any of this, but here it is.
The theme is 'Sports Days and Field Days.'
Yeah.
Your memories of sports day, or events you
had like that... Tonight's message theme is sports days and field days.
What should the name be?
What do you want, seriously?
It's way too cold.
And I'm starving too. I'm done.
Sleeping bag curry.
Hey, that might actually work.
Good, good, good.
Curry.
Warm the curry up with a blanket.
Heat up yesterday's curry. Right, there
used to be a comedian with that line.
There was, yeah.
Yeah.
'Warm the curry with a blanket.'
Let's go with that.
Doesn't that actually sound like a radio
nickname? Yeah, yeah.
So if we do that, we'll get blankets and
curry, right? Yeah.
That's the idea.
Hold on.
OK Google.
I need to pee.
Thank you for the very polite
announcement. No, that's not it.
Wait, wait, I need to pee.
OK Google.
Huh? It's warm.
Whoa, he did it.
He did it.
He did.
He peed.
What?
He did. That was fast.
That was fast.
Yeah.
The gap between 'I gotta pee' and actually
peeing was really short. It got warm.
So you really just peed.
It's warm.
Thank God. I think I feel a little better.
He didn't hesitate at all.
Seriously.
He must've been at his limit.
Whoa, it's cold.
Tonight's message is... We are,
helplessly, on the topic of sports days and field days.
Let's hear it.
Who's reading it?
Amazingly, Dekami-chan is going to read
it. And who's listening?
Furusaka-san is listening.
What even is this?
It's cold.
I really can't read anymore.
Let me read it.
So, Dekami-chan...
Okay, radio name: 'Warm the Curry with a
Blanket.' Oh, there it is!
Thank you.
I hated sports day.
Whoa! The lunch break when each family ate
together...
My family brought McDonald's.
Sure, I like McDonald's, but...
that was the one day I wished they
wouldn't. That's a tough one.
It is tough.
It really is.
If my family brought McDonald's, I'd be
thrilled. No way.
Me too.
Or KFC. I'd be like, 'Yes!'
But when you're surrounded by everybody
else's homemade lunches... well, the grass is greener, I guess.
Huh?
Alright, this is it.
Whoa, amazing.
Curry and a blanket.
Curry.
Whoa, amazing.
I'm seriously so happy about the curry.
They're incredibly good at making fake
emails.
That's impressive. Yeah.
OK Google, what time is it?
The time is 9:19 p.m.
Whoa.
At this rate, we're never getting out.
So far all he's proven is that he can pee.
This guy.
He hasn't actually accomplished anything.
OK Google, what's the temperature?
It's 5 degrees.
Five degrees.
Hold on, that's really bad. Five degrees.
I wouldn't even want to send a guy like
this outside from my house. We're gonna freeze.
Freeze.
If we fall asleep, we're dead.
I'm exhausted and sleepy already.
No, it's even colder.
The ground is even colder.
Whoa.
This is bad.
Seriously bad.
This is really bad.
Wait, what do you mean?
If this is the curry, maybe we should try
catching it instead. It'll come in as a liquid.
They're not gonna throw it.
No, no, I don't know with those guys.
I don't know, but with faceless guys like
them... I think they'll bring it properly.
Wait, the curry and the blanket...
Right, that. Then maybe we should stay
over here so we don't get hurt. Yeah.
Let's do this. If it comes on a plate,
make sure you grab it.
Or rather, tell them to make a sound right
there or something. This is unbelievably stressful.
True.
The people...
Whoa!
The curry.
Curry isn't out there saving the world.
No, no, no.
There, there, catch it there.
That was close.
Thank God.
Good, we got it.
Yeah.
So it's 'Save the Earth with Curry.'
'Save the Earth with Curry.'
Thank you.
Thank you, sorry.
Thank you so much.
Man, what a relief.
I'm so happy. Seriously.
Let's eat this. That was the fastest I've
ever seen curry move.
Ah, it's in a container. Whoa, that looks
good. It's steaming, it's steaming.
I'm genuinely so happy right now.
I'm getting insanely hungry.
It's warm.
Man, this is great.
This is wild.
It's piping hot.
So good!
What the... ?
It's delicious, really delicious.
Seriously.
When you get out of prison,
this must be what it feels like.
Probably.
Warm up the blanket.
This is the best.
We can do this, we can do this.
Seriously. Please end this as fast as you
can, though.
Hello?
Ah, hello, Mugio-san.
How's it looking? Were you able to find
it? Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, I think I found a page that's
probably the right one.
Okay, then can you read them in order?
Number one.
Tachikanae.
And number two is...
Chidori no Sakyoku.
Chidori no Kyoku.
Okay.
Tegake.
Tegake, okay.
Shigarami.
Okay.
Hyakuhei.
Hyakuhei?
Yeah, that's where we got stuck.
Hyakuhei.
Is it the 'shi' from sa-shi-su-se-so?
Ah, sorry, sorry.
Hyaku, hyaku.
Hyakuhei.
I see.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, got it. Thank you very much. Sorry.
Whoa, this is...
Isn't it about time?
Sorry about that. I'm sorry.
So this was the one.
Yeah.
Oh, oh, oh. I owe you one. I'll pay you
back. Sorry, thank you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'll pay you back.
Kanai.
Alright.
We can do this.
Please just let me go for it now.
The 48 winning kimarite in sumo.
All of them.
Please.
Tachikanae.
Okay.
Chidori no Kyoku.
Tachimatsuba.
Miyama.
Tachihanabishi.
Hiyodorigoe no Sakaotoshi.
Tegake.
Shigarami.
Here.
Hyakuhei.
Right.
Ohhh.
Butsudan-gaeshi.
I-zori.
Shumoku-zori.
Yahazu-zori.
Matsuba-kuzushi.
Tsubame-gaeshi.
Okay.
They'll be thrilled if this works.
Alright, go ahead.
Please.
Ahh.
Ohhh.
This feels great.
Alright!
With this...
the time it took...
Ah, we've got plenty of room.
Just not having that one...
Oh, then that's not it.
We can do this.
Plenty of room.
How much do you weigh?
Me? Like 68, maybe.
Yeah, Minamikawa's kind of big.
Can Minamikawa do it?
Alright!
Ah, but this is nice.
Then move that out of the way.
Ah, it worked, it worked.
It worked, it worked.
Ohhh. It worked, it worked, it worked.
Thank God.
Where even is this?
What is this?
Damn, look at this.
Yes!
This is crazy.
This is insane.
Yes!
We finally got out.
Where are we, seriously?
Where even is stage 8?
What do we do now?
Whoa, this is...
kind of...
Is that thing dead or something?
You know...
I took a hit from it, but... there are
spots you just can't see, like behind you.
Oh, right, we know nothing about the back.
Is there something in the blind spots?
OK Google.
Show us the back.
Huh?
Oh, it'll show us?
Oh.
The TV turns on.
Yeah.
Oh, that's how it shows the back?
Huh?
This is the back?
Yeah.
I still can't tell at all. So there has to
be some other way to use it. I knew it.
Wait, isn't there something by that pile
of garbage? There's definitely something.
Huh?
What?
That's got to be it.
Yeah.
There's something there.
Wait, is there a person there?
What is that?
It's a shed, right?
Is there a person?
I wonder if someone's in there.
OK Google.
Show us the shed footage.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Oh.
I knew it.
Is there an animal in there?
If it showed up, there has to be
something. What could it be?
What's in there?
Ah, ah, something's there.
Ah, something's there.
Ah, it moved.
Ah.
It moved.
It moved and went somewhere.
An animal?
One.
OK Google.
He smokes a ton.
Bet it's good.
Haa, for just a moment this feels like a
normal life. Huh?
Also, the blanket.
Oh, right.
It hasn't come.
The blanket hasn't come.
We need a blanket.
We said blanket too.
Ah.
Blanket.
Please give us a blanket.
They're following the rules.
Complaint.
Sorry for getting aggressive.
Sorry.
Please, give us a blanket.
Seriously, this is messed up.
Seriously. Maybe they just don't have a
system for two items. Like, only one.
One.
One radio name, one item.
Yeah, probably.
As many as you want.
Right, you can ask for three or four.
Yeah.
So why not?
That's seriously true.
Put it on.
Properly.
If it's not allowed, put it on.
They read out 'Warm the Curry with a
Blanket' properly.
Then our radio name should've just been
Curry.
You know, because that white thing keeps
fluttering by over there.
There is something there.
OK Google.
Open the doghouse.
Ah.
We'll give you a riddle now. If you answer
correctly, we'll unlock the doghouse. What?
So it really is a doghouse.
A riddle?
Who's the person standing on a tree and
watching? Huh?
What? Someone standing on a tree?
A stone?
The answer is 'parent.' Because the kanji
for parent is made of tree, stand, and see.
Ah.
Wrong.
Want to try again?
No, wait, I just couldn't hear it
properly. If I'd heard it, I'd have known.
No, you heard it.
Please, one more time. Please.
Looks like they're going to give us
another one. Oh no, it's getting ugly. Look.
See? The bald guy's the first to lose it.
Stop.
See? Bald guys lose it first.
Bald-crazy.
Sorry.
Let me take one shot at it, seriously.
Whoa.
Ah.
Scary.
What do you call someone in your
neighborhood whose stomach is always in good shape? Ah.
Someone whose stomach's always in good
shape? I got this one.
Huh, someone who lives nearby?
Huh?
The answer is the neighborhood association
chairman. Yeah.
Neighborhood... always in top shape.
Please.
Hold on, you're giving the answer way too
fast. Hey.
Hey, we were still thinking.
One more question, please.
What bird is 8.99999?
8.99999.
Now think about the answer.
Okay.
8.99999.
Then give us your answer.
A mynah bird.
The correct answer is a peacock.
Because it's just under nine.
Whoa.
Wait, hold on a second.
Whoa, there's a huge centipede-like thing
in there. No way, no way.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, this one.
I hate it.
Ugh, I hate it.
I'm so done.
Ugh, no.
Ugh.
Ah, it's going in there. Seriously.
Did it come in?
It can get in, that's why. It can come and
go freely. I hate bugs getting in here.
Please give us one more question. Sorry.
We can't solve anything.
What kind of kiss sticks once it attaches
and won't come off? Huh?
Now then, please think of the answer.
All right, give us the answer.
Stapler.
Oh.
The correct answer is a stapler.
Oh!
Yes!
Yes! We got it right!
Stapler!
OK Google.
Open the doghouse.
Okay, unlocking the doghouse.
Oh.
Oh!
Oh, it opened!
Whoa, it's huge.
Puppy, over here, over here, over here.
This way.
There you go. Dig, dig. Ah.
It's the whole "dig here, doggy" thing.
Ah, the dog came over.
Where did it go?
Puppy.
It wandered off somewhere.
No, wait, it's gone.
Where did it go?
Puppy, dig here!
Got it.
Well, yeah, it wouldn't go near that.
Normally.
So all that happened was the dog came out.
It ran away.
Ah.
But still...
Wait, seriously, this...
The bugs
are coming and going through here.
Huh? Because they aren't going in and out
from the side here.
It's a basement.
Huh?
Because the bugs aren't coming in and out
from here at all. There aren't any gaps on the side anymore.
But these guys, when I was lying down
earlier...
...were just coming out of here on their
own and going back in on their own.
Yeah.
Those bugs look crazy fast.
No.
Wait a second.
Ah!
Huh?
That's not what this means.
Ugh!
This is scary, this is scary. Stop, I
can't do this anymore. Ugh!
Don't freak me out like that. Oh man, oh
man, oh man. This is terrifying.
Ugh!
Ah, ah.
Huh?
It stuck in.
There's no metal inside.
Huh?
No, this is going to make a hole.
This is going to make a hole.
It really might break through.
Hey, just a little more.
The bugs are going in and out of it.
Pant, pant.
Please.
Is this really right?
Wow, it opened up a lot.
Can this really be right?
This is how we're escaping?
This is way too brutal.
Honestly, instead of wasting time sending
emails and all that, we should have just been doing this the whole time.
Exactly.
We were acting like idiots.
They made us send stuff to all those radio
shows. And those guys didn't read a single one.
Those guys, seriously.
Huh?
Wait, what's this?
Is there something there?
Look at this.
A rock?
It cracked.
It's a rock.
Hold on a sec.
Is there something under it?
It's sand.
If there isn't actually anything rocky
down there...
...I mean, we're not moles, but are we
really trying to go through the dirt?
Can "escape" really mean that? They set up
computers and all this stuff in here...
I don't think the ending is supposed to be
digging through the dirt like a mole. Like Shawshank or something.
I don't think so.
I don't think so either.
That would be a real jailbreak.
No way that's it.
But I mean, if the rule is just to escape,
then anything goes, right?
That's what I mean. Say this is the ground
and this is the wall, best case scenario...
...if we keep digging through here, it
should connect to the other side. So this is the shovel?
OK, Google.
A shovel, huh?
Use the shovel to dig all this...
...up.
Dig it all up, and then...
But is that really what this means?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You go in and then...
This is insane. I'm pretty sure that's not
really how we get out, though. I don't know.
Well, we just have to get out, right?
Yeah, exactly. As long as we get out.
Seriously, this really is about a shovel.
A shovel, a shovel.
A shovel.
Shovel video.
Shovel Taro.
Spocop.
Mirukoscope.
No, shovel.
Maybe call it Shovel-chan.
One more time.
All businesses.
OK Google. Is there anything to lure the
dog over here?
There is dog food and dog pee. Which would
you like? Oh.
Huh? OK Google.
Where's the dog food?
It's above you.
Huh?
Above?
What do you mean, above?
There's something there.
I can't really see it.
OK Google. Give us the dog food.
Then I shall give you the dog food.
Yes!
It's above us.
Huh? What?
Yes!
It's above us.
Huh? What?
So that's the dog food.
Whoa, it fell from above.
It's not like there was a lot.
Ah, here it comes! The dog food!
Wait, where's the dog?
Will this bring it over?
Huh? It's not coming over at all.
Maybe ask its name.
Where did it go? Hey, puppy!
Dog food.
Puppy!
There's yummy food here.
There's no sign of it at all.
The food got here too late.
Then was pee the right answer?
Was pee the right one?
Correct.
Ah!
Amazing.
A shovel!
It's a shovel!
We'll get it.
Whoa.
OK Google.
Amazing.
What happens if you use the dog's pee?
Who knows?
What do you mean, 'who knows?' Does that
mean we won't know unless we try?
First time I've seen someone ask Google
that. What kind of dumb question is that?
OK Google.
Please give us the dog's pee.
Whoa, so this guy's getting splashed?
Then I shall give you the dog's pee.
Huh?
Whoa!
No way!
Ugh!
It comes straight at you?
That was a lot.
It lands right in front of us.
Ugh, it got me!
It got me!
Ah! Puppy!
It's dog pee.
Where's the dog?
Whoa.
My pee below, dog pee above.
If Shovel-chan doesn't show up now, we're
done. Whoa!
What?
Ah!
Oh!
A big one came.
Ah!
What is this?
What are you doing?
Because it's the heaviest one.
Ah, but...
With this...
Scary.
The pee never came, just the smell.
I got peed on for nothing.
What is this?
I just got peed on.
That dog already ran off.
Were we too late?
Maybe it's gone already.
Maybe it'd come if we called its name.
It has one, right? Ah.
OK Google.
Yeah.
Tell us the dog's name.
That's step one.
They're Alto and Dan.
Alto and Dan?
Two of them?
Yeah.
Huh?
There's another one?
There are two dogs?
There's still one more?
OK Google.
Which one was the dog from before? The
earlier one was Dan, the Border Collie.
Ah. The other one is Alto, the Golden
Retriever.
Alto, right.
Alto!
OK, Google.
Fifty?
Whoa!
This is insane.
Never seen this.
What is it?
Whoa!
It's packed tight.
This is a real escape.
Whoa!
No way.
All right.
Well, as long as we can get out.
As long as we get out.
Can we really do this?
This is amazing.
Pretty wide.
Much better.
At this point, this is a tunnel escape.
Ah, we can do it.
Amazing.
All right.
I've only seen this in movies.
Mom...
A little more.
We definitely need to go sideways.
Ah.
Look closely, there's another doghouse
behind it. What?
OK Google.
There is one.
Let the other one out.
If you tell a funny story and make me
laugh, I'll unlock the other doghouse.
What are you talking about?
A funny story?
Uh...
We have 24-hour security cameras in our
living room and bedroom,
and I used to hate that, but lately...
...I've been telling girls that I really
do have 24-hour cameras,
and I've been inviting them over to my
place as a date course.
I show it to them.
Ha ha. That isn't very funny.
What the hell!
No, but I was getting somewhere.
What is this?
This looks insane.
This is insanely funny.
He's crouching.
This is crazy.
Can you fit through?
Yeah.
I think I can make it.
Because up to here is still
this awful cursed room.
Yep.
Ah, he's out.
Right, that counts as getting out.
For now, anyway.
Then keep watching.
Okay, okay, okay.
Here I go.
Yep.
Oh, you dug a lot.
Yeah.
Whoa, amazing.
So...
Not out yet. His lower body is still
in this cursed meat room.
What are you talking about?
Unfortunately...
I have no idea what you're saying.
You still need another 50 centimeters.
Fifty? Because all the part that's
sticking out still counts.
Huh?
Any other stories?
A funny story? I was at a hostess club,
and when I tried to go for afters with one of the girls...
...she said she had to go home in the
pickup car,
...so I said,
I'd pay for a taxi,
I said, "Let's do karaoke,"
and then...
At the meetup spot,
I said I'd cover the cab fare.
When I asked how much, she said 50,000 yen
from Tokyo because it was Shizuoka.
Who goes home to Shizuoka?!
Give me my money back!
That was fairly funny. Very well.
Oh, really?
OK?
Unlocking the doghouse.
Ah!
Woof woof!
Thanks!
Alto, over here!
Is he coming?
Alto!
Dig here!
Ah.
He ran off fast.
Ah, he's coming, he's coming!
There, there, there!
Oh!
Food, yeah.
Tail's going nuts.
Alto, dig here!
Alto!
Alto, over here!
Kill us?
Alto!
This way!
Over here!
Not there. Here, here. Yes, yes, yes!
What?!
Ah, amazing, amazing.
Ah!
Dog's digging?
He's licking me.
Ah, he dug, he dug, he dug!
Yes, yes, yes!
Ah, amazing, amazing!
Whoa, amazing!
He's digging here.
Over here, over here!
What kind of show is this?
It's an escape show, I guess.
Bathroom?
Yeah.
Bathroom break.
You've been smoking the whole time.
You're gonna die.
Dude, have you seriously been smoking?
Every 30 mins.
Jeez.
No, no, really.
Takano, sorry. This is different.
Like, only two left or something. What are
you doing? Seriously! Come on!
Don't shout so loud.
If you get out, I'm seriously killing you.
If you get out and kill him, you'll get
arrested. What kind of logic is that?!
Oh man, oh man, oh man.
There's a pickaxe here. Oh man.
Weapons.
Careful.
There are tons of weapons.
Maybe he's about to start moving again.
Alto.
Yeah.
Dig, dig, dig.
Amazing.
No, no, no.
Digging!
There!
Oh!
Ha!
Almost out!
Oh!
Oh, oh, oh.
I'm getting out!
Alto, dig, dig, dig.
Dig, dig, dig.
Dig!
Gah!
Seriously? Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Aaah!
Just a little more.
Looks good, looks good, this might work.
Dig, dig, dig.
Dig!
Alto, dig!
He's digging.
Keep digging.
Yes, yes, yes.
A little more.
Go!
Go, go, go!
Oh, this could work.
Good boy, Alto. Dig, dig, dig.
Amazing.
Smart dog.
Amazing, amazing.
Dig!
This might work.
Really.
Alto, dig, dig.
Dig!
Oh!
Dig, dig. Yes, yes, yes, dig, dig.
What?!
This way.
He's not that smart.
Even in the same hole...
No way.
Huh?
Ah.
His head.
But amazing.
Maybe...
A hand's out.
His head's out.
It's just hanging there.
Good, good.
He's not here.
Takano got out.
Amazing.
Right?
So what if he got in there?
Isn't it amazing?
That's not the point.
Takano isn't here anymore.
Dig!
Ha!
The dirt started moving.
Alto!
Dig!
Good!
Smart! Smart! Alto!
Best boy, Alto!
Amazing dog.
He's out!
Oh!
Yes, Alto! Thanks, Alto!
Gah!
No way, he's out!
Amazing!
He's out!
Thanks, Alto!
Ah, he's naked.
I only just realized.
He's completely naked.
He's totally naked.
No wonder he's cold.
A little more.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Amazing.
Alto, you're smart.
Cold!
It's cold outside too!
Maybe we're there.
No way.
What?!
Seriously?
Whoa, amazing.
Grass!
That means outside, right?
It's grass!
That green...
thing.
Whoa, amazing, here too.
We can do this.
Haven't seen that in a while.
Wait a second.
This really feels like something green.
Like, outside...
Yeah.
Something.
Because this means it, right?
Wait, ah...
Ah, it's in.
Wait, clearly...
Air's coming in.
Wow.
Look at this. This is really good.
This is really clean.
The amount of dirt.
Right?
It's really clean.
He broke the bottom and it fell.
Really clean.
This might actually work.
Like, his head...
What is this, Takano?
It's freezing.
Cold?
Yeah, freezing.
Whoa, amazing.
Gah!
His legs!
Amazing.
Gah!
Can he make it?
Alto!
Gah!
Whoa, amazing.
He's through!
Oh!
Aaah!
Yes!
It's like he was born from the soil.
I got out!
Whoa!
He got out.
He got out, amazing.
He got out!
He's out!
Cold!
We got out!
It's thanks to Alto.
A soul cry.
That was brutal.
Amazing.
So where are we, seriously?
Cold. Ah, Alto's warm.
Alto's warm.
Why film?
Alto.
A gate.
Here.
We don't even know where we are.
From here...
Where are we supposed to go now?
No idea.
Where is this?
What now?
Cold!
Um...
Where are we?!
Is anyone there?
Where?
Where is he even heading?
Oh!
Wow, that was kind of moving.
Amazing.
Amazing, huh?
You got out.
Once we found the dog, it went fast.
Yeah.
The dog was amazing.
Amazing, right?
That exit was wild.
It was incredible.
I've never seen anything like that.
That was insane.
A man came out of the dirt...
A person coming out of the dirt. You only
see that in dramas or movies, not in real life.
You rarely see a buried man crawl out.
Watching someone dig himself out is
amazing. Meanwhile, over there...
Yeah.
Still digging.
Oh no.
They're still digging.
Cut back,
and they're still digging. Both.
Could you have imagined this?
Thinking back to episode one?
You couldn't script that. In the second
half, those two were digging like crazy.
It really was...
a totally unexpected turn.
Hmm.
I mean...
Hair volume and sanity...
Maybe...
Maybe so.
Maybe they're linked.
Yeah.
It really was funny how...
Right.
Starts with the bald guy...
The bald guy goes first.
He cracks first.
So if those two
had to get out from here...
...wouldn't I be the first one to lose it?
No, exactly.
Yeah.
I hate to say it.
But I'd crack first, right?
I mean, I actually started thinking that
while I was watching.
So this is what happens to guys with less
hair. They really do lose it.
I looked over and thought the guy next to
me has no hair. I see.
I was a little worried about what was
ahead.
So that's why they cast the two of us here
too. I see.
I get it.
Drive bald guys mad.
It's all balance.
No, exactly.
Yeah.
And then there's Kuro-chan and Alto...
They switched to animals.
Living things.
And even that one has hair.
Hello.
I'm the dream contractor...
I'm Nishimura from Baiking.
So this time...
...to Takara-kun, who lives deep in the
mountains...
I'd like to deliver a piping-hot pizza.
Wait for me.